# A-PathPlanned-Supermarket-Trolley
AI based SLAM (Simultaneous localization and mapping) Robotics

We implement an AI based Artificial Potential Function (APF) method path planning to an autonomous trolley to achieve the goal position which adapts to the environment having static and dynamic obstacles. 

Objectives: To overcome the GNRON problem (Goal Nonreachable with Obstacles Nearby), a repulsive potential field function is introduced by a distance correction factor. To enhance the local minima issue, the regular hexagonal method is suggested. Additionally, for the dynamic environment, the relative velocity approach for detecting and preventing moving particles is suggested. This approach analyses not just the spatial position, but rather the magnitude and path of the velocity for the moving particles, which will in fact prevent dynamic obstacles. 

So, the customers taking a numeric-labelled trolley scan the required items using a hand-held electronic gun system that is equipped to the trolley and it also displays their respective prices as well as adding the whole amount. Eventually If customers complete their shopping, they push a button on the trolley making itself prepare a path-plan to enter to the queue. The elderly can sit down in the waiting place inside the supermarket and other shoppers can roam inside looking for future purchases. Parallelly the items are billed by the cashier as their trolley enters the till after being in the queues. After that, the cashier calls the customer's trolley number, and the transaction is completed. Finally, consumers will exit in the same cheerful mood as when they arrived, without having to stand in queues.
